chore: fix docs (#3487)
Unleash/unleash: website/docs/reference/projects.md

The configuration of a new Project is now available. the following input is available to create the new Project.

> ![A project creation form. The form fields are labeled "project ID", "name", "description", "mode" and "defaultStickiness". The "Create" button is highlighted.](/img/projects_save_new_project_v2.png)

Reviewer: Non-blocking: This is my fault, but I think that description is more wordy than what it has to be. Something like this, maybe?

```suggestion
![A project creation form. The "Create" button is highlighted.](/img/projects_save_new_project_v2.png)
```

| Item               | Description                                                                                 |
|--------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Project Id         | Id for this Project                                                                         |
| Project name       | The name of the Project.                                                                    |
| Description        | A short description of the project                                                          |
| Mode               | The project [collaboration mode](/reference/project-collaboration-mode.md)                  |

> | Default Stickiness | The default stickiness for the project affecting the default stickiness value for variants and Gradual Rollout strategy                                                                 |

Reviewer: Splitting into two sentences makes it a little easier to read I think. What do you think?

```suggestion
| Default Stickiness | The default stickiness for the project. This setting controls the default stickiness value for variants and for the gradual rollout strategy.                                                                 |
```
